# TAGES
The TAG-Engine System, TAGES, is a lossy encoding system designed to take a single word and produce an opaque or non-intuitive alphabetical identifier, or TAG of three or five letters, referred to as a TRI-TAG or QUIN-TAG respectively. The goal was to produce a deterministic standardised naming scheme that can be applied to existing items without implying any hidden meaning or context, instead of a generalised name or container like existing conventional naming schemes. It creates a simple compact label derived from the input word.
The engine's algorithm follows a simple series of steps, making use of ASCII and binary conversions.

# Why TAGES?
Why build the TAG-Engine? The TAG-Engine was built solely for the purpose of generating unique names or tags and assigning them to timelines in a fictional universe. Instead of going the standard route of timeline 1 timeline 2 or creating a perfectly crafted name that fits the aesthetics or thematic framing of the specific timeline in question, I designed a new system. The core ideas came from other works of fiction such as Marvel Comics, DC Comics and The Transformers Universe. My goal was to design a similar naming scheme to these media properties. The issue upon further inspection is that the names given to the timelines in their properties, mainly Marvel and DC were pseudo random. The ever so popular main Marvel universe, Earth-616, was a randomly chosen name. DC also follows the trend, with assigning a number to Earth, Earth 1, Earth 2, Earth 3, etc. These names, while readable, were not unique enough to standout and carry any significant information. Despite both companies being rivals they still follow the same naming convention of Earth + a number.

The only outstanding property to consistently name their timelines was The Transformers. Their multiverse, also known as the Universal Stream, was the main inspiration for the TAG-Engine. It features a combination of cluster names, Greek letters an publication dates to create a systematic, readable and interestingly unique identifier. An example of a full name would be Malgus 1023.4 Gamma, meaning A comic (Gamma) existing in the Animated continuity (Malgus) released on the 4th of October 2023 (1023.4). The naming convention is simple but provides a complex combination of ideas to form something unique. Therefore the TAG-Engine was designed to mimic a similar naming convention.